[docs-only] Improve dev docs (#9894)
owncloud/ocis: docs/services/general-info/envvar-scopes.md

To get a list of global envvars used in all services, see the [Global Environment Variables](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/services/env-vars-special-scope.html#global-environment-variables) table in the ocis admin documentation.

## Lifecycle of Envvars

The envvar struct tag contains at maximum the following key/value pairs to document the lifecycle of a config variable:

* `introductionVersion`
* `deprecationVersion`
* `removalVersion`
* `deprecationInfo`
* `deprecationReplacement`

### Introduce new Envvars

If a new envvar is introduced, only the `introductionVersion` is required.

{{< hint warning >}}
During the development cycle, the value for the `introductionVersion` must be set to `%%NEXT%%`. This placeholder will be removed by the real version number during the production releasing process. 
{{< /hint >}}

> For the documentation only to show the correct value for the `IV` (introduction version), our docs helper scripts will automatically generate the correct version to be printed in the documentation. If `%%NEXT%%` is found in the query, it will be replaced with `next`, else the value found is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the documentation to show the correct value for the `IV` (introduction version), our docs helper scripts will automatically generate the correct version to be printed in the documentation. If `%%NEXT%%` is found in the query, it will be replaced with `next`, else the value found is used.
```

During the releasing process for a production release, the placeholder `%%NEXT%%` has to be replaced with the new production version number like `%%NEXT%%` → `7.0.0`.

### Deprecate Existing Envvars

> See the [deprecation rules]({{< ref "./deprecating-variables.md" >}}) documentation fo rmore details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [deprecation rules]({{< ref "./deprecating-variables.md" >}}) documentation for more details.
```
